I know I love roller sets so I'm going
to be doing her hair but she has a head
full of braids that need to be taken out
so I'm gonna be taking out her braids
how long have you had your braids in
Toya oh four months four months so let
me see how much new grow she has she has
quite a bit new growth now I am a
hundred percent natural but my sister
she relaxes her hair so she's gonna be
I'm not putting the relaxer in she's
gonna be doing her own relaxer and then
after while you have to see all this new
growth then after the relaxer I'm going
to give her a deep condition I'm going
to trim her up and I'm going to give her
a roller set so this is a little bit of
hair that she already started taking out
and yeah she has quite a bit of new
growth four months is quite a long time
so and I will be assisting her with the
roller set after she's I'm done relaxing
finally done taking out the braids oh
let's talk about how long would you say
it so yeah about 45 minutes about 45
minutes and as you can see she does have
a lot of new growth she will be relaxing
her own hair she is relaxed when I deep
condition her hair
give her a trim and Roller set it so
we'll be back and this is her hair
detangled took about 10 minutes to
detangle her hair so this is what it
looks like the tangled
alright so my sister just firmed her
hair and she dyed it with foam what did
you dye your heroin thank you the
Beijing a little what is that like a
claim to Chinese
okay so right now about to give her a
deep conditioner this is a Giovanni
I bought this big bottle from Marshalls
for only $12.99
I guess the original price was $25 but
yeah they do have these at at Marshall's
this is a really good it doesn't say sit
under the dryer but I'm gonna say her
under the dryer for about 20 minutes
with this stuff so I'm gonna put a
little bit more on her hair and I'm
gonna put a plastic cap one and I'm
gonna stay her under the dryer for 20
minutes so she just um rinsed out the
conditioner I was going to trim it but
you know how people like to hold onto
every inch of their hair she don't
really want me to trim it and I she's
one of those people you know how it is
y'all she must to hold on every inch
it's what I wait until next time we'll
wait until next time but for now I'm
gonna do the roller set and I'll show
you what it looks like once I roll it up
and under the dryer she goes
it's got done roller setting her hair
and I was I didn't spray any water or
setting lotion in it because we wanted
to dry as soon as possible she's ready
to go something's gonna probably take
about an hour to dry relax
it's our first roller set so
with this new dryer that I have it
should be dry hopefully before an hour
so I didn't like I said I pretty much
dry rolled it I didn't spray any water
or setting lotion on it or anything so
we'll see how long it takes because
she's tired and so am i I saw my sister
has only sat under to drive for an hour
let me just say she's never get another
roller set again cuz she couldn't take
it right to Leah and guess what it's not
even dry it's not even dry but I'm gonna
go ahead and take him out cuz she
complained the whole time she was
sitting on your hair so she's not gonna
have the look I wanted her to have but
I'll still show you the end result oh we
are making progress her hair what it
came out so nice if she would have just
stayed under the dryer and let it dry
completely but I am working with what I
have so we're just about done so I will
come back with the finished result
is that
like I said it would have came out even
with even more body had her hair dry but
I think it came out pretty good I did
not trim her ends I did give her a deep
condition it were deep conditioning it
has a lot of body it moves she did relax
her hair and she did diet so all I
basically did was deep condition it and
gave her a roller set which really
didn't even dry so pretty much just well
just blow dried it and curled it so this
is it
you